_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: Untitled design (18).png
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: true
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

Revise about page content and formatting
Updated the about page with new title, subtitle, and biography details.

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
subtitle: Ph.D. Researcher in Industrial & Systems Engineering | Human Factors & Neuroergonomics

profile:
  align: right
  image: Untitled design (18).png
  image_circular: false
  more_info: >
    <p>University of Wisconsin–Madison</p>
    <p>Madison, WI, USA</p>
    <p>Email: jayasuriyaar@wisc.edu</p>

selected_papers: true
social: true

announcements:
  enabled: true
  scrollable: true
  limit: 5

latest_posts:
  enabled: false
---


I am a Ph.D. researcher in **Industrial & Systems Engineering** at the **University of Wisconsin–Madison**, specializing in **human factors, neuroergonomics, biomechanics, and multimodal physiological data analysis**. My research focuses on understanding and optimizing human performance in complex, human-in-the-loop systems under conditions such as fatigue, cognitive workload, and altered environments.

Currently, I work as a **Graduate Research Assistant** in the NeuroErgonomics Lab, collaborating with the **Neuroscience Laboratory at NASA Johnson Space Center**. My work involves designing and executing long-duration human subject experiments and analyzing synchronized multimodal data, including functional near-infrared spectroscopy (fNIRS), eye tracking, electromyography (EMG), motion capture, heart rate variability, and force measurements.

Previously, I conducted biomechanics and motion capture research at **Clarkson University**, where I developed musculoskeletal models and datasets to support the design of adaptive exoskeletons for firefighters. I also have academic teaching experience as a **Lecturer in Embedded Systems** and prior industry experience in **corporate banking and scientific research**, providing me with a strong interdisciplinary background.

I am interested in **summer internship opportunities (Summer 2026)** where I can apply data analytics, machine learning, and engineering methods to the design and evaluation of human-centered systems.

My research publications, projects, and technical skills are listed throughout this site.


Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.
